Automatically gets better at setting the object so that we are closer to the result, meaning we we would we were expected to start with an ambitious.
Goal that is not always met, and, you know, gets results inside the 60 to 70. But as time commenced, and as we get more acquainted with the job itself. We were supposed to get better and better at estimating what we could hit. So is this 67% a consistent overshooting of you know what we're supposed to do.
Or is it like, are we expected to do better at this.
Ratio over time.
So what you're describing is true for Kpis. So I think that this 60 to 70 this is from our tech Stars education team. I think that this is true for the rest of the time you're running your business for goals. We want to dream big. We want to have these big, inspiring goals that are like these overarching objectives for the year and meeting 2 out of 3 of those every year will be a very good sign.
For what you're describing, where it's like you want to get better at knowing yourself.
And being able to know what goal you can set and then meet. I think the milestones will be a big one, so like the tasks on the last slide, being able to set those over time and actually achieve them is a big deal.
And then
Where am I? And then for Kpis, you want to over time, be able to predict what you can actually achieve. So when we have these weekly Kpi meetings. That's exactly what you're talking about, overshooting when we will want to minimize that over time for your kpis. I'll get into the difference like for Kpis. But you want to be able to measure those with like a pinpoint accuracy. So when you guys start with your kpis, you're gonna over, measure it just like or was saying.
And then over time, being able to exactly predict what you can hit, what you can't hit. It's gonna be a very big positive in your direction when you're going in fundraising. When you have stakeholders. Some of our mentors, favorite companies are people who know their numbers with a fine tooth comb, where they can exactly pinpoint their metrics, and where they're going to be at the end of the quarter, within like a hundred range.
That's an extremely impressive CEO.
Dave.
What what happens if if you're at that stage where
You're on mute.
You're you're more of a waterfall, and less of us of a sprint oriented business, meaning that like.
Your your objective is 6 months away. Like, you're developing, for example, your very 1st Mvp. And you don't expect your very 1st Mvp. To be ready till February.
How should you be measuring your weekly objectives in that type of scenario.
I have a slide, for it's actually the next thing. So if your objective is to launch your Mvp.
The one key result you could have is to.
Get beta users that you're like, who have been giving feedback over the last 3 months. This is like an arbitrary key result. But basically, like, if you're gonna have a 6 month time period, that's completely fine, it doesn't need to be these like short sprints. You could have okay, ours over a year. We're gonna do 3 months, because that's what tech stars is. But launching your Mvp. Could be a year long thing. A key result depends on what you want to achieve for your business. This business clearly carries.
A lot about how many pre signups they have of beta users. It could be anything else. It could be developmental.
Key results. Like with your software engineers, it could be like marketing to like, prepare for your launch it. It could be whatever is helpful to your business. I don't. I don't really think there's a problem with the timeline being longer, I actually think, okay. Ours lend themselves to like a longer several month. Timeline.
Does that answer your question, Dave? I'm not sure if I answered it correctly.
Yes, so sort of, I think I think what I'm hearing you say is that even though the timeline is, even though there's there's not a lot here you could do in the middle of it is it's try to find a way to break up the.
The the takeaways. So, for example.
Anyway, let me let me think about it.
Yeah, no, that's a big part of this. So this this little pyramid over here is, it's very important that you spend a lot of time trying to break up these key results into milestones. I know it probably seems like, Oh, if we're gonna launch your Mvp. I need to do nothing for like 4 months until I have it's built, and then I have like 17 tasks I have to do in the next 2 months. I think it's a challenge to try and break up things so that you're steadily moving.
Toward growth.
Versus like.
These.
Imbalance timelines. I know that it won't always be like exactly where you can break it up into even bite size over the next 6 months, Dave, but I think there are things that you can find to do to spread the work out. I think that's much better than just leaving it to them.
Your business is different than ever. Then, like every business, is different. So I.
I can work personally with you, if that's something that you're concerned about.
Annie.
Yeah, I had a question about the weekly I think you did. You mentioned like weekly results?
This.
Yeah, I'm calling them milestones. That's what Texas.
Milestones.
Calling them and it doesn't have to be weekly. We're gonna go over weekly because techstars broken up by week while we're in this 3 month period, or 13.
Yeah.
That does not have to be the case for you. You could have monthly milestones. It could be every 2 weeks. They could be every couple of days like it's it's up to you.
Okay. Well, I like, I like the idea of the weekly milestones. It's I guess.
Just trying to think, like, Yeah, how can you break up a.
Say like
You know, if you're trying to close a sale like, how can you break that up into weekly? Because I weekly does seem approachable. So, yeah, I mean, we can discuss that more.
Yeah. And it depends on what your timeline for your Kr is right, your objective and your key result. So like, the key result needs to be time based if you're trying to close the deal in 2 weeks, and that's like your whole. That's your.
Key result for this.
You like weekly. My sense might not be that helpful for that right.
So like, we're gonna focus on a 3 month. So like, by the end of program, what do you want to do? And you have.
12 to 13 weeks to break that up.
Fabia.
Pages. You just answer my question, but it was like.
Duo's need to be time boxed and appears. The answer is, Yes.
Yeah.
The key result needs to be time-based, so the objective can be more vague, and then the key result is like, I will be able to run this time for a Marathon by.
6 months from now.
Gotcha.
Cause. If you don't put a time like space, you're not gonna be able to work toward it.
At like a an even cadence. You want to know what the total time that you give yourself is.
Sure.
So this, this says Quarterly, it doesn't have to be. It just needs to be time based in some way. So whatever is good for your business, for that.
I know. Like base camp, for example, we'll get into this but base camp as a company. They reset their objectives every 6 weeks.
So like, that's their timeframe. They take 6 weeks. They have a cool down. And then they set another 6 weeks. And it's very similar to okay, ours. What are we gonna focus on?
These are good questions. So here's some examples. We just went through this one with Dave. I will go through the next one. So for another example, for product supercharge, our product, use.
That is extremely vague. That's the point. You see how that's kind of like inspiring. It's giving a direction. But how do I know if I have reached the objective of super charging our product, use that that's like.
Not a measurable sentence. So we have key results that go with it. So what does that exactly mean? How do I check off? Yes, this objective, this inspiring and vague objective, has been reached. Well, when I reach the key result of increasing daily usage of the product by 30 in 3 months. This is perfect, it's time bound. It's measurable.
And we can, yes or no, say, this is achieved.
And you can kind of picture in your head already, I'm sure, increasing daily usage of the product by 30. Well, there are many little milestones you could do. And remember that milestones. I'll give you an example in a second. Milestones are also little experiments. We're gonna do a whole different set session tomorrow on assumptions and milestones don't have to be things that will 100 work. It's just that you're working toward moving the needle.
So like you could do one thing one week that you think might help increase daily usage of the product. Maybe you start sending push notifications out or something, and it might not work. That's completely fine. That's the difference between like milestones and kpis. Milestones are tasks that you're trying to do to to achieve the key result.
For sales. Here are some other examples, and validate our Icp.
The key result for that, for this company would be attained product pilots with Icps in 3 months, so for them they will feel that they have nailed and validated their Icp. If they can get 10 pilots within that segment in under 3 months.
I think that's a fair assumption.
Another objective could be converting all users who trial.
You see how. That's a very lofty goal that is extremely ambitious. I think very few of us would want to say, convert all users who trial. That's a very big, ambitious goal. But.
That's the point of okay, ours. And having set that goal, they will be much closer to achieving 100 than if they didn't set that goal. That's the whole point of being ambitious here. So the key result, to say yes, to converting all users to trial is to increase trial, to paid conversion by 15 in 3 months.
Very straightforward cut and dry. You can say yes. I've achieved that.
So Texas has made this weekly Krs tracker. This is completely optional. So some of you yesterday were saying that you enjoy spreadsheets. So I personally.
Keep things like this like Krs and goals in a notebook. I like to write it or you guys can type it in Google Docs. But if this is your jam, I will put a link in the chat while you guys are in your breakout rooms for you guys to be able to to use this.
I want to go through the example at the top with you, and, as you can see.
You're gonna have one to 3 h for the program. And then you're gonna have this has 10 milestones. I think you guys could do at least 12.
Because we're gonna have 13 weeks in the last week is demo Day.
So.
For this company, for example.
Their objective is to increase paid users, so their goal by the end of techstar is one of their 2 to 3 goals is to increase paid user sign ups. How do we say yes to that?
Well, they have achieved it. If they're sign. If they have signed up paid users.
By May 31.st
And then they give an example. Milestone. So this is really big here to help illustrate the concept.
One milestone that they could do in week. One is to air A podcast with an invite list of over 200 of their initial customer segment and solicit Demo signups. Their target result is that.
Having done that, they will get 10 people to ask for a demo.
This business reported that only one person asked for a demo.
I would call that kind of a failed experiment.
But then you have these lessons learned asks needs things like that, that you can come back to the program and your classmates and our team and say what you learned and what you can do next time. So a milestone is very different from a kpi like they're completely different. This is much more like tasks or projects you're going out to do to move the needle toward your key result.
And it might work, and it might not.
But these are just milestones that you're gonna do. And then you can always assess your next milestone. So if their next 3 were about this, podcast they probably need to revisit. So one of the lessons learned, they wrote is revisit content. So instead of milestone to being err, the next episode. They probably need to go back to the drawing board and revisit the content that they're writing, because it wasn't very compelling.
Yeah, or.
Yeah, I, I find this like this exact image. I find this a bit confusing, because the objective says that.
You know the go. The objective here is to increase paid user sign-ups. And then the key result is, you know, it's an like yes or no Boolean type of identifier, which is, if I get.
100 paid customers or more I may charge, then I would I would be achieving the subject. However, if I got.
50 paid customers by May 31.st
My my logic. I've I've also achieved objective yet again, but we would consider that a failure.
Consider anything above a hundred.
And I'll post it right. So I I find that.
A bit confusing. Is is this supposed to be like this, or.
That's it. I like that. You called that out. I would say it. You have to reflect as a team on what you would find.
Sufficient.
To say that.
So if you were already like, maybe this company already gets like 50 new customers every quarter. So for them to increase paid user sign ups.
For them to really feel like they achieve that goal. It's a hundred.
Like. It's whatever's true for your business. So maybe for a lot of you, increasing paid user means, you've got.
Gotten 10.
New users by the end of tech stars. It's whatever makes it true for you. A really good way to think of it is going back to the personal. For me, running like maybe not running faster than 99% of the.
The world. But for me if I said like, I want to be a faster runner.
It would definitely not be running a marathon in under 2 h. For me it would be like.
Having a sub 8 min mile.
And for a lot of people they would shake their head and say, That doesn't mean that you're a faster runner like that's nothing.
But for me, that would be achieving that goal. Does that mean make sense.
I mean, yeah, I I guess the point here is to, you know, set something so high to the point where you know it's like when you're studying for studying for an exam. If you study for it.
You know, 100 points out of 100.
Yeah.
You are at least bound to get 85, or maybe you know 80. But if you go for go over something like, well, I'm gonna do my best. And you know, I'm gonna get the best result. This is what I can. Then that fluctuates really easily on, you know.
The intervals in which you can score. So I guess the idea is to be, you know, really bearing in the objective side.
And then, you know, trying to hit that. And then the part along the way is the positive outcome that you know we're gonna get out of it, although when I look at this again, you know you know how you've been, you know, saying maybe this company or.
Already is getting paid user. Like, if we look at the target result they've set up to, you know. Get 100 paid customers by May 31, st but their result is.
People asked for Demos. Right? So you know, it's.
It's a good point.
Like, it's not even close. If if these guys would have gotten one paid user, then that would have been a success. So I'm more. Maybe I'm more stuck on this 100 like, how do we designate this properly so that it both reflects something meaningful while still driving us to do better, because I think this is absurd, right?
Yeah, I think I think Techstar is trying to put forth the notion that you guys should be ambitious with your goals.
I'm okay. Or if you guys are much more interested in setting goals that you know, you can achieve a much higher percentage of the time. That's okay with me, I'm sure it's okay with Neil. So if that's how you guys want to do it, if you want your okay, ours to be things that you are much closer to predicting. They're still ambitious, but they're not going to be.
This kind of daring. That's okay with me. If that makes you guys more comfortable and more inspired to to work toward the goal that's completely fine, like the 60 to 70 could be too low for you guys. You could aim for reaching 80 to 90 of your Ocs. That doesn't bother me and the other thing is, it's like an art. So like that's why we're gonna we're gonna go through here in a second.
You guys setting your Krs, and then you're gonna have feedback from a classmate. And then you're gonna get feedback from the program team next week.
And all of that is because, like just to set these key result and objective, that's because it is that hard to just like pinpoint a good goal and key result. It's like they probably had a lot of thought that went into writing that th that 100.
A lot of different.
Okay, do.
Pieces of feedback.
Do? Do we have a time for a really fast.
For a what.
Yeah, the the thing. Do we have time for a fast follow up, or are we short?
Can I ask something else.
That's all our question. Yeah, that's fine.
Yeah, well, I want to point out.
What what confuses me about this is the way that I see this situation here. It's not that you know.
It's that, you know, I'm more comfortable, or we are more comfortable in achieving an 80 to 90 instead of a 60 to 70. But this picture, maybe, is, falls in line in my mind into the scenario, where you know I'm a lightweight boxer, and I set the goal to be the heavyweight champion. So like, I'm not even there on the.
You know, I I'm not even in the division that I'm supposed to be in to hit the goal. But I'm trying to set it. As I'm gonna be the heavyweight division champion while I'm a lightweight boxer. So it's not about the you know, success rate of us hitting that goal. It's more about, you know, setting something to the point where you're not even in that level to be.
Supposed to be thinking about.
Yes, I guess.
I totally get it.
Well, like, I said, when Texas education team wrote this example, I think that they.
But I just want to to know your idea on. You know how this example falls in line with that.
Have the philosophy. I think this is a different of difference in philosophies. So like, I'm okay with what you are saying, or that's totally fine with me.
What techstar is putting forth is clearly this philosophy of like shooting outside of your bucket, and like.
When you miss, at least you land further than you would have before.
So that's that's what they're putting forth with me. If it resonates with.
Any of you to be a little bit more like close to the ground. It's just a philosophical difference on okay.
Lilian. I wonder? I wonder if it's a cultural thing? Because, like in in the Us, it's all about like.
Just.
Balls to the wall, shoot to the moon kind of situation. And so, you know, I'm like, this is aggressive enough, like, let's do it like.
That's funny. Yeah.
So I'm wonder. I wonder if it's might be a cultural issue.
It could be. Yeah. But like I said, I.
We're here to help you guys. So.
Possible, awesome.
That's why we're gonna work personally with each of you. And so, whatever works best for your business, I appreciate the challenge, or like this is new content from Texter. So I like the challenge you're putting forth. I do think it's just a philosophical difference on how you view goal setting, which is completely fine, so it can be individualized for each of you.
I like that.
Dominique.
It's gonna be really fun being in the Us. I guess.
Oh!
You'll see, especially being in the bay.
You will have fun.
Perfect.
But I appreciate your challenge absolutely.
Dominique.
I won't say jump in I'll keep it brief. But I had to smile when Dave made his comment, because that was actually gonna be my comment, so when okay, ours were introduced in my last company, I was based in Zurich and worked in a bank.
It was met with a lot of confusion and hostility, because it was a very like Kpi driven place.
But the eventually, when we all.
Got excited about it. I think. Firstly, it just really helped with.
Collaboration and also outside of the Us. In my experience. Culturally, there isn't this kind of fail.
Fast, and it celebrated approach which I really admire that you have here, especially in the Bay area. So I think ours just really helped with that across the team.
We? And there was many different cultures. But we were a lot more open to say, like, Hey, we actually didn't meet this. And that's okay. But we strove and did our best. So.
I appreciate for some the notion. It's a little bit. Oh, okay. I'm so used to being kpi and metric driven. But.
Yeah, I just wanted to add a word of encouragement and also recognize that culture as well for international teams. It definitely helped. But it was a little bit uncomfortable@firstst
Yeah.
Yeah, me, too.
This is so interesting. This why I love our tech program because we see so many different perspectives.
Yeah, like, prior to this meeting, I wouldn't have you know.
Like. If somebody asked me which country in the world is the most balls to the wall. In terms of things like this, I would go in a 6 foot second turkey.
But now.
I'm being introduced to even more.
Crazy bonanza. Most of the wall approaches. So I'm I'm actually probably gonna find this very entertaining in the following days. So it's amazing.
I can't wait for you guys to meet in person, cause this is already awesome.
Yeah, thank you, Dominique, Dave, that was a great discussion. So let's move forward. So this is optional. Like I said, this is completely optional. All that we are requiring you guys to do is to set 2 to 3 okayrs for program.
But this spreadsheet may be helpful to some of you. If this stresses you out, you don't have to look at it anymore. It's just an option.
So.
You want to be consistent about setting a weekly milestone to achieve your oks.
Chloe had the great idea of writing your okrs on a whiteboard in the founder space in the office. So it's actually gonna be up there, and as they change, you guys can update it, but you'll have it in front of everybody. So not only are you being held accountable by your classmates. Your classmates can also read it. Maybe offer help if they see what direction you guys are tending towards.
Trending towards all of those different things. So that was a great idea from Chloe that will implement next week.
So we're gonna quickly jump into breakout rooms. I think we'll just do 10 min.
Maybe even 5. Let's do 5 min, because I still want to get through Kpis.
I want you guys to work with your teams.
To identify the top, 2 to 3 objectives you aim to achieve by the end of program. So.
Objectives, these lofty, inspirational goals that are qualitative. And then for each objective list the key results that indicate whether the objective has been met, and remember, the key results are time bound. So in the next 3 months I'm already giving you the time bound, because we know it's by the end of program. They're going to be specific.
Quantitative and measurable.
And then, if you have extra time which you might not cause, I'm only giving you 5 min, you can start to think about weekly milestones that you can set.
The milestones are not going to be like overseen by our team.
That's much more on you guys. So.
What's going to be overseen by our team very heavily.
And with the Eirs are your weekly kpis.
Your weekly milestones are much more for you guys. So that's going to be something that you're thinking about. It's not going to be something that we give you an approval on, or that we check in on unless you need help.
So just think about your milestones, the okays, the direction and the key result is really what we wanna make sure you get right.
Anything that you do to work toward that is up to you guys.
So let me
Set up your breakout rooms.
Alrighty!
If you have a cofounder here, and I did not throw them in your room. Just let me know. I think I've got most of you.
And if you're on your own here, you're just gonna be in a room.
By yourself, but I'll circulate around.
Okay.
So, does anyone want to share one of their okay for program that they have set.
There are no wrong answers.
I can share.
Thank you. Monica.
Okay. Let me scroll.
How many did you write? And then you're gonna pick one right.
Yeah.
I'm interested. How much for yourself.
Well, I have an overarching.
Objective, and then.
The
Then I've broken that out into like 2 objectives, and each one has a key result.
Okay.
So.
Why don't you one? And then you can share with a group.
Okay? Sure. So objective is an effective and predictable sales and product framework for the company based on Jtpd.
I love that.
So.
I can pick either feature prioritization as a sub objective or sales channel. So whichever one you want.
Let's do sales.
Okay, so better understand how to identify and find the prospects who are suffering the most pain and need our solution the most and the key result is book a minimum of 6 Demos a month.
For 3 months. So you need 18 by the end of techstars.
Yeah.
Okay.
Got it.
That's great, Monica. Thank you.
We can. Let's share one more. Does anyone want to share one more? They have set for themselves?
Yeah.
Yeah. So 1 1 thing that we've set is.
Be a company that is generating monthly recurring revenue.
As a company without any sales. So far.
I. You know we felt that this was quite ambitious, and the key result is we get, if we get even one recurring.
Customer. Then that is the curious up. And then, as the weekly milestones we we were talking about, you know the the breakout rooms closed.
And by the time we got there, but we were talking about, you know, maybe sitting 10 sales meetings each week and attending 10 sales meetings each week.
Would be a good weekly milestone that we could, you know, check.
I think that's great. A lot of people who come in prevenue set that exact goal like, especially B, 2 B.
To have one.
Monthly recurring client by the end of techstars. So that's perfect.
Okay? So I'm gonna zoom through.
The Kpis, because we're gonna we're gonna deep dive into those next week.
So I'm not too concerned about that. Can you guys see this.
Okay, cool. Since we're short on time.
We're also gonna have to skip from your fellow peers. But you're gonna get feedback from our program team next week.
So.
We will review the chosen okays that you guys just made sure that was only 5 min. Make sure you go and meet with your team, or if you're solo founder, you take time by yourself to refine it before your meeting next week. So everyone's gonna have a 20 min meeting with the program team where we're gonna kind of like, approve your okay? Ours.
Take time between now and then to refine the 2 to 3 that you've chosen, so that you can like be happy with what you set forth, and we can all be in alignment.
So now let's zoom through, Kpis. I'm gonna just fly through, and then I'll answer. I'll say after to answer questions if people have questions. Just so I can get you guys out on time.
So this is a sneak, peek. We have like a very thorough session next week.
But just so you guys are aware, and you don't get kind of confused between the 2 while you're making your Krs.
Kpis are measurements of how your business is performing.
They're not tied to a business activity. So that's the difference. A milestone is like a to do like a milestone is a project you're gonna set forth and go and do.
Kpis are measurements or metrics. They show how the business is doing.
So like in the running example. The Kpi was.
That that how many minutes.
Can I run a mile in.
It's not that I'm going to go on 3 runs per week.
That would be a milestone.
Doing like how many minutes per mile I can run. That's tracking. How well I'm achieving my goal.
A good Kpi has the following attributes. It provides objective and clear information of the business performance. It tracks and measures of that performance.
And then it. It provides a way to measure it over time. So let's get into it.
I wrote this for, you guys, you should think of it as tracking the health of the business rather than creating a guide of what to accomplish. So rather than Kpis being to do's, they're just tracking health.
Very much like health metrics of a human body. That's how you should think of it. It's your living and breathing.
Health, metrics of your business.
Kpis can help measure whether you're on track.
So here are some principles. There are 4. You want your kpis to be actionable.
Over vanity. And we're gonna go much more into detail of this next week. But does anyone want to explain what a vanity is.
So.
I can take it from a marketing perspective, but I think it it applies so for vanity metrics. It's not just.
It's metrics that you they don't really tell you actually that much. So, for example, with Marketin, it's like eyeballs or number of views or number of likes, whereas actionable. It's much better to say, like, what was actually the results of this. So how many people.
Actually signed up with from a
When the result of an action.
Yeah. The difference I'm hearing you say is, they're not actionable. So it it basically is. The reason we use vanity is because it's almost vain. They're vacuum. It doesn't mean anything, but it looks really nice. So total downloads looks really nice. But that doesn't really tell you anything about the health of your business. So we have a lot of people come in trying to get into text telling us, oh, we have this many.
Like total users.
Okay, how many of them are actively using your product every single day, and for a significant amount of time every single day. That's what I want to know.
Flow over cumulative. This is very important. So for Kpis, you don't want to do cumulative. You want to.
Daily or weekly. However, you're tracking it. So like weekly active users versus total user sign up that way, you can actually track the difference, because total is always going to be going up and up and up. But.
If that weekly amount goes down from 9 last week to 6 this week. That's something you want to see.
But the total would just keep going up. If we were tracking that you would miss that.
Piece of data.
This one is huge. And next week we're gonna go much more into this. So I'm just gonna preview, this now leading over lagging. This is the main issue that our tech stars founders have in Kpis is they do lagging.
Metrics. So the difference between leading and lagging. So the example here is weekly prospect Demos versus weekly revenue. One predicts future performance, and one is reporting on the past efforts. You've done so revenue, as a result of the efforts you did in the past few weeks. It's not telling us
How well you're going to do in the future. Weekly prospect. Demos.
Is going to move the needle in the future, so it can predict the health of your company.
Here's like a.
So.
Just quick question on that. Then would we want to do leading and lagging measure, both like, I guess, like. But the Kpi would be the leading.
Yeah, you wanna measure your liking. You want to measure how much revenue you have. But it wouldn't be a Kpi that you're tracking.
Okay.
Great.
Meeting. What you can work on. The whole point of the Kpi that you're setting is like.
This is. This is something I can do for my business. Lagging is.
Like, we said, it's gonna tell what you see. As a result.
So it's very important to know the difference. There.
And then the last thing is causation over correlation. So tomorrow we're gonna go through assumptions. But this is a huge part of assumptions.
You can't assume there to be a cause when there might just be a correlation. So if your Kpi is Facebook, spend.
You have to know for certain by validating your assumptions, that that is a cause for signups.
A lot of people will make a Kpi, hoping that it'll move the needle on something when really it's just a correlation. So moving that Kpi up doesn't give them the result that they wanted, because it's not a true causation. So that's an assumption. And we'll go through assumptions tomorrow.
Here's some examples of Kpis for product.
Lifetime, value.
Conversion rate, Mps. Very quantitative sales, weekly sales, meanings so like or was saying, weekly close sales that's huge with B to c fundraising weekly investor meetings, weekly decks viewed by investors, weekly warm intros. These are all good examples of Kpis.
When you are. So we're going back to okay ours now. So that was my quick interlude for Kpis. We'll go more into that next week.
So back to Oks, when you guys are evaluating over the next week before you meet with our team, ask yourselves the following questions.
Are they? Are these okay, ours. We've chosen these 2 to 3. Are they going to drive the business forward?
Are they ambitious enough.
Are they too hard or too easy? Are they achievable? In the next 3 months.
So these are all things to think about.
Maybe you want something that you might not achieve. That's up to you. I do think something that like is it is possible for you to achieve.
But it is rather ambitious, and you may not. That's how I would. That's like the sweet spot, I would say. But ask these to yourself.
So if we had more time I would have you guys give feedback to one another. I will say, you guys are more than welcome to pair up and message each other in base camp and go over your okay ours together. Hop on, zoom together. Our founders do that. A whole lot, box each other, get feedback from one another. And if you guys desire, I can also set this up to be much more like institutional.
Where you guys can get paired up and do this asynchronously, since we didn't have time today. So just let me know. But you will get feedback from our program team next week.
The last thing is for prioritization. So this is just an exercise to take with you before we run out of time.
Among the 2 to 3 objectives that you want to achieve, that you've set for program which objective will have the most significant impact. In the next few weeks.
Why is this objective high priority? So you have 2 to 3.
You want to rank them in priority by chronological. So, like.
This will give me the highest impact if I do it first.st It doesn't mean you can only work on one objective or cure at the same time, it just means you need to have a prioritization in mind because you have a limited amount of time, and sometimes you are gonna have to choose which actions to take over others. So, having that prioritization already set and agreed upon within your team is, and that can change over time, like maybe in 4 weeks, another one becomes more high priority.
But that is something to think about. This kind of a thought exercise while you are brainstorming, your okay, ours.
And then, once you've achieved that.
High priority, objective.
What will it enable us to achieve next.
That's really the whole principle of prioritization which one unlocks the most for your business. So just think about that.
Okay, so this is a link to feedback for.
Everybody who created this presentation. So this was like a whole.
Multi-month project. They would love feedback.
Feel free to fill this out. It's up to you guys if you want to fill it out. But it's something that we're experimenting with as tech stars, trying to be better for founders and make.
Even more curriculum. So if you want to give them any feedback definitely scan that otherwise that's the end. So I think we made it. We got you out on time. I will stick around for questions as long as you guys need, because that was like a whirlwind. But they.
Thank you guys for your participation. That was an awesome discussion.
And we'll go even more into Kpis next week. So.
Just sit tight for that.
I'll see you guys after lunch for another workshop.
Bye.